docs: Add `/healthz/readiness` endpoint (#2455)
n8n-io/n8n-docs: docs/hosting/logging-monitoring/monitoring.md

> There are two API endpoints you can call to check the status of your instance: `/healthz` and `/metrics`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are three API endpoints you can call to check the status of your instance: `/healthz`, `healthz/readiness`, and `/metrics`.
```

<!-- vale off -->
## healthz and healthz/readiness
<!-- vale on -->

> The `/healthz` endpoint returns a standard HTTP status code. 200 indicates the instance is reachable. It does not indicate DB status. It's available for both self-hosted and Cloud users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `/healthz` endpoint returns a standard HTTP status code. 200 indicates the instance is reachable. It doesn't indicate DB status. It's available for both self-hosted and Cloud users.
```
